Abu he's joining us live from there
albala in central Gaza antartic deadly
Israeli attacks across the strip killing
both indiscriminately and also some
targeted killings in the shatti refugee
camp yeah that's right Elizabeth the
Israeli occupation forces are stepping
up the military land and aerial
bombardment in the north of the strip in
the central area and even F further
south in the uh in the southern part of
the strip but starting from the north of
the strip which has been the theater for
the latest Israeli strikes we are
talking about an evacuation Center has
been targeted it's called H ibraim H
Mustafa H's school that has been a place
where Palestinian displaced families
have been heading to in order to seek
some sort of Refuge in the western side
of Gaza City we clearly remember that
the Army has been attacking evacuation
centers and schools in the northern part
of the strip killing dozens of
Palestinians but the latest attack has
killed three Palestinians with patches
of casualties being reported and
transferred to the Baptist Hospital to
get medical treatment but that is the
Grim reality that this school has been
the last resort for Palestinians in
order to seek to seek to and to head to
in order to afford themselves some sense
of safety but the Israeli Army has
targeted this scool without any sort of
a prior warning till now the Army did
not command on the incident and the
attack has been carried out but also
eyewitnesses there have confirmed that
more air strikes have conducted in a zun
neighborhood destroying a number of
houses there and basically the the Loud
bombardment by the Israeli artillery
units could be clearly overhead from
their Al balah town where the Army is
operating in the Eastern areas of their
Al balah but the Army as well has been
scaling upscaling the military strikes
in the southern part of the city of
hunus where right now they they have
been operating for for at least a week
killing dozens of Palestinians one of
the latest attacks has killed uh six
Palestinians after their residential
house was completely targeted and gaza's
health Ministry and has said that at
least more than 14 Palestinians have
been killed since Dawn today as the
bombardment continue to be overheard
with no source of respite by by the way
Elizabeth the Palestinians here are
expecting clear surge of Earth strikes
because the Army is still expanding its
ground Invasion for the Central Area H
hitting multiple refugee camps
especially anarat and Al refugee camp in
overnight strikes killing a Palestinian
mother with its five
children yeah it must be terrible ftic
to be there and just expecting more
strikes um even as these ceasefire
negotiations are supposed to be taking
place meanwhile T we're seeing reports
that more Palestinians have been
released from Israeli detention centers
what are you hearing about their
condition well in fact the uh around 33
Palestinians have been released today
from Israeli detention camps and centers
in Israeli territories and they have
been transferred to the European and
nassa Hospital in the city of Han un now
uh uh clearly the traces of torture are
quite clear on the bodies uh due to the
very hard period they have spent in
Israeli jails we have listened to what
they have been saying uh in terms of the
torture believing that they have been
going through all sign of physical and
psychological uh torture and on the
hands of the Israeli officers uh
especially and detectives they have been
beat they have been brutally beaten by
meal pars they have been handcuffed like
fold dead and deprived from having
access to the uh toilet and even getting
a sufficient amount of food and water on
daily basis and one of them has said
that even when they have informed us
that you will today be released they
have been beaten on their way uh to the
buses that will transfer them to the
Gaza Strip so they are leaving a very
dangerous uh psychological scars and the
the minds of those uh Palestinian uh uh
prisoners who were released today saying
that other Palestinian prisoners who are
still stuck behind the Israeli powers
are going through the worst humanitarian
conditions ever without any sort of
mitigation in terms of the miserable
humanitarian Behavior being practiced on
them by the uh prisons Authority in
Israeli uh territories and they believe
that as long as the Israeli Army is
still operating in Gaza more
Palestinians will be arrested and they
said that they were lucky today to be
released because they have been dying in
Israeli jails yeah we have to remember
that them being release means that
Israel doesn't see them as a threat in
any way which begs many questions around
why they were tortured in this way which
are of course war crimes Thad thank you
very much for your reporting as always
that is Thad Abu aom joining us live
from De Al Bala in central Gaza